[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
And for Law, it turns out
the fight was personal.
Law has had a complicated
past with Doflamingo,
and his brother Corazon.
Their connection began with
a twist of fate 16 years ago.
[LAW]
It's Trafalgar D. Water Law.
The "D." is secret.
My true name is Water.
For generations, my family...
[LAW gasps]
H-Hey, what are you doing?
What's the big deal, Corazon?
What you just said. Was it true?
Your secret name's "D."?
If that's right, you need to
get the hell outta here.
Away from Doffy.
Law! Listen.
You cannot be around him.
You have to get out of here!
[LUFFY]
"A Rocky Road!
Law and Corazon's
Journey of Life!"
You're talking?
Since when can you speak?
Always could.
You mean, you've lied to
your brother this whole time?
I never once indicated
to him that I became mute.
That is a crazy assumption
the guy made on his own.
That's lying!
What's wrong with you?
You're being deceitful
by not correcting him!
[ROSINANTE]
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Silence, now!
[inaudible]
[LAW gasps]
What the hell happened?
[gasps] All the sound stopped!
Where'd it go? How?
It looks like
people are talking,
but I can't hear anything!
[ROSINANTE] You were being loud,
so took a counter measure.
They can't hear us.
Just like how you can't
hear a peep from outside.
I put up a sound-proof
wall to cover us.
You won't see it.
It's invisible.
I ate the Calm-Calm Fruit
and became a silent man.
[gasps]
[LAW]
You have Devil Fruit powers?
[LAW] Y-You're insane!
It's all been a lie?
Wait a sec. You faked the
accidents, too, didn't you?
[ROSINANTE chuckles] That's
right. You're a sharp cookie.
The whole clutz thing is an act.
You caught on fire
again, you liar!
I've been clumsy my whole life,
that won't change.
There. Y'happy now?
Gimme a break!
You mean to tell me,
that's the only truth to you?
Why are you hiding all this
crap from your friends?
[ROSINANTE]
They're not my friends.
I'm with them,
but not by choice.
Someone's gotta curb
my brother Doffy's rampage.
It's hard to believe
we're related.
Our parents showed us
nothing but love, after all.
[ROSINANTE] But that monster
has no humanity.
[ROSINANTE crying]
Help me!
Please, my boys are innocent!
Direct your arrows
at me, not them!
I beg you!
Please don't harm
my children anymore!
[ROSINANTE cries]
Help, Daddy, it hurts
everywhere! I wanna die!
[TOWNSMEN gasp]
[DOFLAMINGO]
You'll pay for this.
I'll get even. I swear it!
[HOMING gasps]
Doffy, no.
You wretches!
I won't die today!
I swear to survive whatever
torment you throw at me!
Remember my words!
I look forward to the day
that I hunt you down
and murder every
single one of you!
[ROSINANTE]
He's dangerous.
My brother's innately wicked
nature knows no bounds.
[ROSINANTE] The only people
who have seen the full extent
of his brutality are the
four Executives, including me,
and the first Corazon, Vergo.
Who's Vergo?
An extremely
powerful individual.
Right now he's away from the
Family on a secret operation.
But the details of that
are between him and Doffy.
That guy has nothing to do
with you, so forget about him.
[ROSINANTE]
Listen, Law.
You can't turn into
a monster like my brother.
Now scram. Quickly.
[LAW]
No way! I'm not leaving!
That's exactly what I wanna be!
[inaudible]
Hm?
[ROSINANTE] Look. You possess
the secret name of "D."
You realize what that means?
You're a part of a fateful few.
Growing up, when children
misbehaved, we were told,
"If you don't fall in line,
you'll be eaten alive by D."
[ROSINANTE]
Every so often, another person
with "D." in their name
would gain public attention.
And you'd overhear the elderly
making passing comments like,
"D. will surely
bring a new storm."
The hell's that mean?
You're trying to say
I'm a monster, then?
[ROSINANTE]
Perhaps.
The details are still unknown,
but that name's
survived for centuries
and has been muttered
across the entire world.
One more thing.
Those who fear
the inheritors of D.
have given them another title.
"Sworn enemy of gods"!
[LAW gasps]
[LAW]
Gods?
[ROSINANTE] If Celestial Dragons
are "gods" in this analogy,
the purpose of
your people might be
the "destruction of this world."
But look.
This meaning of "destruction"
is different than Doffy's.
It's a force that opposes
the order of heaven itself.
Why're you spouting
this crap at me?
I joined your dumb Family
for one purpose.
To kill people before I die!
Don't assume I wanna
work for you!
I only answer to Doflamingo.
What would I wanna leave for?
I'm just gonna die
in a year anyway!
There's gotta be a cure
out there somewhere.
Shut up! I'm so ratting
you out, sucker!
Doflamingo'll be angry!
Hey, wait!
Bet he freaks out when
he learns you can talk!
[ROSINANTE]
You damn brat!
[gasps]
[ROSINANTE gasps]
I'm way stronger than
two years ago! Later, jerk!
[ROSINANTE shrieks]
You moron! You broke the
"Blood Law" a second time!
Hey. Why were you
moving your mouths,
but not saying anything?
[LAW] I'll buy you both ice
cream if you shut up about it.
[BUFFALO] Really? I'll take
a 500-Berry, King size cone!
[LAW]
Baby 5, can you spot me?
[BABY 5]
Huh? O-Okay!
Oh my gosh, he really
needs me for something!
[ROSINANTE]
My time's up.
[ROSINANTE] Dammit! I shouldn't
have trusted that kid.
I screwed up, royally.
[ROSINANTE] I don't think
Doffy's made it back yet.
I should have just enough time
to pack my crap and book it.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Corazon!
[ROSINANTE]
What?
Dammit. He's already here.
Took ya long enough.
We're about to set sail.
The Navy's on our tail again.
Tsuru's on her way. We gotta go.
C'mon, haul ass!
[ROSINANTE]
Hasn't he said anything yet?
[LAW chuckles]
Heheh. I decided not to tell.
I gave it some thought
and remembered
that I owed you for keeping
quiet back when I stabbed you.
I'd call that about even.
[LAW chuckles]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hey! I said hurry it up!
What are you doing?
[DIAMANTE]
Corazon's missing! Corazon!
Anyone seen him or Law?
[LAO G]
What?
[GLADIUS] I swear I
saw them board together.
They aren't here?
What are we chatting about?
We need the extra fire power
and I can't find either of them!
And I looked everywhere!
Young Master! Found this
in Corazon's hammock.
[SEÑOR] Looks like they
took off together.
What the hell is he thinking?
[LAW grunting]
Untie me right now!
Do you realize you
just kidnapped me?
Corazon! You creep!
You'll pay for this!
Say something!
I know you can talk!
Hey, pick up that
Transponder Snail!
It's Doflamingo, isn't it?
I'll talk, just pick it up!
Come on! Pick it up!
What's wrong with you?
Doflamingo! Help!
What're you gonna do to me?
[beeping]
Are you calling up Doflamingo?
Hey! Come and rescue me!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Cu-lick.
[SENGOKU]
Rice crackers!
Cookies. It's me.
[SENGOKU]
Oh, Rosinante.
Hey, uh. Need some time off.
[SENGOKU]
You run into trouble?
[ROSINANTE]
It's a personal matter.
[SENGOKU] I see, understood.
How are the little ones doing?
Think you can
scare them off soon?
[ROSINANTE]
I think those three are staying.
[SENGOKU] That Family's
becoming infamous now.
Take extra caution.
[ROSINANTE]
Will do.
[SENGOKU]
Do as you see fit.
I wholeheartedly
entrust this case to you.
Just keep me updated.
Roger that. I'll send you
a detailed report.
Cu-lick.
[MARINE A]
Admiral Sengoku!
The officer who asked
for reassignment is here.
[SENGOKU]
Yes, yes. Send him in.
You wanted to see me?
I've heard a lot about you.
You've had quite
a successful first year
and have been turning
a lot of heads.
[SENGOKU] You wish to
transfer to G-5, correct?
What was your name?
Also, FYI, there's half
an egg on your cheek.
[VERGO]
Sir! Name's Vergo!
[LAW]
Who'd you call just now?
Did you say "report"?
You been hiding something?
Are you working with the Navy?
[ROSINANTE]
Got something against 'em?
The Government and
their allies sicken me!
Well, I ain't no Marine.
[LAW]
Is that a lie?
I won't go to the hospital!
Come on! Stop carrying me!
You're acting like every other
brat in the world, Law.
I'll go to every
hospital if I have to.
I'll find a cure
for your sickness.
Look how big this one is.
I bet they can fix ya up.
[DOCTOR A]
Huh? Get that kid outta here!
You can't catch
White Lead Disease.
Isn't there any
medicine for it yet?
[DOCTOR A] M-M-M-Might I ask,
where were you born?
I'm from Flevance.
[DOCTORS]
That's the White Town!
No! I dun' wanna get sick!
Get it together!
We need antiseptic gloves
and a gas mask!
Call security and notify
the government! Pronto!
[DOCTOR E]
No, no!
[LAW]
Forget it!
[ROSINANTE]
Law!
See that? I'm sub-human to them!
[DOCTORS crying]
Please leave us alone,
you White Monster!
We don't want your
gross disease! Go away!
[DOCTOR A] How dare you bring
that infected little creature
into a hospital of all places!
Do you realize you're putting
hundreds of patients at risk?
[HOSPITAL STAFF A] This is an
emergency announcement.
A patient with
White Lead Disease
is loose in the hospital.
[DOCTOR A] The big one's
a dangerous freak, too!
[HOSPITAL STAFF A] All wards
prepare for sterilization.
Forget that hospital!
I'm real sorry.
Hope that didn't hit
a sore spot on ya, kid.
I told you! I didn't
want to see a doctor!
Not all doctors suck like him.
I'm positive we'll find a good
one at this next hospital.
[LAW]
Don't force me to go!
[DOCTOR B]
He should be put down!
That's a severe case of
that White Lead Disease!
Take him away before
he dooms us all!
[HOSPITAL STAFF screaming]
[ROSINANTE] Change of plans.
Let's try the next one.
[LAW]
Enough! I'm tired of this!
We've got an emergency! Help!
There's a Flevance survivor.
You were supposed to
purge 'em all!
What is wrong with you?!
Look, Law! The people
around here seem kind-hearted!
[LAW]
No!
Keep those filthy white
blotches away from us!
[DOCTORS scream]
[ROSINANTE] Screw you, buddy!
You're no doctor!
[NEWSCASTER A] Eight hospitals
have been hit as a boy
with White Lead Disease
terrorizes the--
[LAW]
Give up. I'm getting sicker.
I can't take anymore!
Shut up!
We'll find the cure.
You're not gonna die.
This next one will
help you. Don't give up.
[TOWNSMAN A]
White Lead Disease!
[TOWNSMAN B]
Put the hospital on lock down!
I'm gonna kick your ass!
This kiddo needs your help!
I've had enough! Corazon!
[sighs, hiccups]
[ROSINANTE]
What the hell am I doing?
[ROSINANTE] I've been forcing
this poor kid to relive
his horrible childhood
over and over again.
He's not getting
any better either.
[ROSINANTE] I wondered it if was
the Will of D. driving me,
but no, I don't care
about that anymore!
[ROSINANTE]
I just...
I just feel so sorry
for this damn kid!
Law!
[ROSINANTE] Knowing you,
you'd hate to hear this,
but this blubbering idiot
is trying everything
he can to save you.
[ROSINANTE] You're still
a pain in the ass kid.
But hearing you
talk about death...
[ROSINANTE]
My heart can't take it.
[ROSINANTE] You may have stabbed
me, you little shit. But...
It didn't hurt at all.
You were the one who was
actually suffering back then.
I just wanted to
fix things for you.
Law.
--[thud]
--[ROSINANTE groans]
[ROSINANTE snores]
[LAW]
Cora. Hey, Cora!
Get up, oaf, breakfast is done.
[ROSINANTE gasps]
What's that face for?
You called me "Cora"?
You said that. Yeah?
Ya want the food? Or not?
[LAW]
Cora!
[LAW grunts]
[LAW] I won't ever forget
the compassion you showed me
when the world
turned its back on me.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[LAW yells]
[BELLAMY yells]
Run, Straw Hat.
Ya can't save me!
[LUFFY]
Bellamy, stop!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
This is it.
Playtime's over.
Fun while it lasted.
[BELLAMY yells]
See you in hell!
[LUFFY screams]
[NARRATOR] With little time left
to find a cure for young Law,
Corazon recklessly
pulls a drastic measure
while making enemies out of
nearly everyone in the process.
Putting his own life at risk,
Corazon steals the Op-Op Fruit,
in a desperate attempt
to reverse Law's condition.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Time Is Ticking Down!
Seize the Op-Op Fruit!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!